    Who was the legendary Benedictine monk who invented champagne? Dom Pérignon
    What is the largest freshwater lake in the world? Lake Superior
    Where would you find the Sea of Tranquility? The moon
    What is someone who shoes horses called? Farrier
    What item of clothing was named after its Scottish inventor? Mackintosh
    What kind of weapon is a falchion? Sword
    Which word can go before 'vest', 'beans' and 'quartet'? String
    What is another word for lexicon? Dictionary
    What is the seventh planet from the sun? Uranus
    Who invented the rabies vaccine? Louis Pasteur
    Which is the only U.S. state to begin with the letter 'p'? Pennsylvania
    What is the world's biggest island? Greenland (As a continent, Australia is technically not considered an island.)
    What is the world's longest river? Nile (The Amazon is the largest by volume.)
    What is the world's largest ocean? Pacific
    What is the diameter of Earth? 8,000 miles
    What is the name of the world's most ancient forest, and where is it located? Daintree Forest, north of Cairns, Australia
    Which four British cities have underground rail systems? Liverpool, Glasgow, Newcastle and London
    What is the capital city of Spain? Madrid
    Which country is Prague in? Czech Republic
    Which British town was a forerunner of the Parks Movement and the first city in Europe to have a street tram system? Birkenhead
    What actor starred in 142 films including The Quiet Man, The Shootist, The Searchers and Stagecoach? John Wayne
    What noir actress starred in I Married a Witch, The Glass Key, So Proudly We Hail! and Sullivan's Travels? Veronica Lake
    What is the title of the first film ever made, and when was it made? Roundhay Garden Scene, made in 1888
    Which actress has won the most Oscars? Katharine Hepburn, with four Oscars and 12 total nominations
    Which actress said, 'Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night', in the film All About Eve? Bette Davis (as Margo Channing)
    Who directed the Lord of the Rings trilogy? Peter Jackson
    Who played Neo in The Matrix? Keanu Reeves
    Which actress's career launched at the age of three, and then went on to star in films such as Contact, Maverick and The Silence of the Lambs? Jodie Foster
    Bray Studios, near Windsor in Berkshire, was home to which famous brand of horror films? Hammer Horror
    In which film did Humphrey Bogart say, 'We'll always have Paris'? Casablanca
    By what name is Lancelot Brown more usually known? Capability Brown
    What is the name of the world-famous gardens situated 10 miles outside of London, close to the River Thames? Kew Gardens
    Which popular gardener created Barnsdale Gardens and was the author of many books such as The Ornamental Kitchen Garden, Paradise Gardens and Gardeners World: Practical Gardening Course? Geoff Hamilton
    Which garden is considered to be among the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World? The Hanging Gardens of Babylon
    What colour is a Welsh poppy? Yellow
    What colour is a Himalayan poppy? Blue
    Which organic gardener is almost as famous for his long blond plait as he is for his books such as Going Organic and The Gourmet Gardener, as well as his regular appearances on the BBC radio's Gardener's Question Time? Bob Flowerdew
    What is the alternative name for a mountain ash tree? Rowan
    Which kind of bulbs were once exchanged as a form of currency? Tulips (17th-century Holland)
    By which Latin name was Rosa Gallica previously known? Rosa Mundi


